# Activate

The purpose of activation is to register the terminal device information and to get `terminal_sn` and `terminal_key` to sign the terminal's transaction requests. Any request without a signature will be deemed invalid by Upay Web API.

Similarly, `vendor_sn` and `vendor_key` should be used to sign activation requests. Please refer to [API Guide](../api_guide.md) on how to sign your requests.

**Note:** Each terminal needs to be activated once and only once.

## API

### General Information

Target | Protocol | Method | Content Type
------ | ----- | ----- | -----
`/terminal/activate` | `HTTPS` | `POST` | `application/json`

### Request Parameters

Field | Type | Required | Description
------ | ----- | ----- | -----
app_id | String | Y | Vendor app ID. A vendor may create multiple apps integrating with Upay service. Each of the apps needs to be registered in Upay system.
code | String | Y | Terminal activation code, generated by Upay system.
client_sn | String | N | Terminal identifier in client system. For a single vendor app, all of its client terminal serial numbers must be unique.
name | String | N | A human recognizable name for this terminal.
device_id | String | Y | Device identification, such as IMEI of an Android device or `indentifierForVendor` of an iOS device.
os_info | String | N | Terminal OS information, such as: Android 6.0.

### Response Parameters

Field | Type | Required | Description
------ | ----- | ----- | -----
terminal_sn | String | Y | Terminal serial number
terminal_key | String | Y | Terminal key

Example：

```json
{
    "result_code": "200",
    "biz_response": {
        "terminal_sn": "10298371039",
        "terminal_key": "68d499beda5f72116592f5c527465656"
    }
}
```

## About Activation Code

Activation code is needed every time you try to activate a Upay terminal. There are several things to consider when you use your activation codes:

- Each activation code belongs to a store. Say activation code (A1) belongs to store (S1), the terminal device activated by A1 will thus belong to S1.
- Activation code has two usage limits: **number of usage** and **expiration date**. In most cases, the number of usage of an activation code is 1. So you will get a activation code for each of your terminal device. [TODO expiration date default value unknown]
- If an activation code has a number of usage larger than 1. You can use it to activate multiple devices. Each activation request with this activation code will give you a new terminal identity (a new set of `terminal_sn` and `terminal_key`).